Doc 306 - Migrate Query Workers content from KB to docs (#97)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/queryworkers/building-queries.md

---
sidebar_position: 10
title: Building Queries
---

> This page explains how to enter a query in Macrometa. To learn more about what you can do with queries and the language for writing them, refer to [C8 Query Language](c8ql/../index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how to create a query in Macrometa. To learn more about what you can do with queries and the language for writing them, refer to [C8 Query Language](c8ql/../index.md).
```

Should this be "create" instead of "enter" query?

## Query Builder

> To write a query, log in to Macromenta and then navigate to the QUERIES section. Enter queries in the Query Builder on the Editor tab, starting with line 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write a query, log into Macromenta and navigate to the Editor tab of the QUERIES section. Type the content for queries starting with Line 1 of the Query Builder.
```

![Query Builder](/img/queries/query-builder.png)

## Bind Parameters

> [Bind parameters](fundamentals.md#bind-parameters), created with the '@' symbol, display fields for the corresponding Key and Value on the right-hand side. You can use this to pass values to your query or query worker in the Query Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bind parameters](fundamentals.md#bind-parameters) are created with the '@' symbol and display fields for the corresponding key and value. You can use this to pass values to your query or query worker in the Query Builder.
```

![Bind parameters](/img/queries/bind-parameters.png)

## Syntax Helper

> Macrometa has a built-in tool to help you with C8QL syntax. Click **Syntax**, then start typing to see a list of available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Macrometa has a built-in tool to help you with C8QL syntax. Click **Syntax** and start typing to see a list of available options.
```

> In the screenshot below, the user typed **in**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following screenshot, the user typed **in**.
```

![Syntax helper](/img/queries/syntax-helper.png)

## Next Steps

After you write a query, you can do the following:

> - [Run the query.](running-queries.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Run the query](running-queries.md).
```

> - Save the query as a [Query Worker](query-workers.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save the query as a [query worker](query-workers.md).
```
